Wiki reorg: Wallets (#4535)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/polkadotjs.md

[**Ledger**](./ledger.md) devices or Parity Signer, allowing the signing of
[**extrinsics**](../learn/learn-extrinsics.md) using these accounts. It also allows you export
existing accounts and restore lost accounts (given you have the information to restore them).

The extension is not made for users to interact with on-chain functions as one would find through a
wallet app, i.e. it does not allow you to transact or do anything else other than adding and
managing accounts. However, it also provides a simple interface for interacting with
extension-compliant dApps such as the [**Polkadot-JS UI**](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/explorer)
and the [**Polkadot Staking Dashboard**](https://staking.polkadot.network/#/overview).

The extension is a robust key-storage tool, i.e. if you clear the cache of your browser your
accounts will be kept. This does not happen if you added an account directly to the Polkadot-JS UI.
Also, the extension recognizes websites that have been flagged for malicious activity. Another
security note, the extension will always ask you if you want a specific website to access the
account information in it.

:::info Metadata Updates

> The browser extension is a tool that interacts with the Polkadot network, but it disconnected from
> it when you is not in use. Is is important you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The browser extension is a tool that interacts with the Polkadot network, but it is disconnected from
it when it is not in use. It is important you
```

[**always check for metadata updates**](../learn/learn-extrinsics.md#metadata-updates) before using

> the extension other account management tools such as Parity Signer (aka Polkadot Vault).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the extension or other account management tools such as Parity Signer (aka Polkadot Vault).
```

:::

## Polkadot-JS Phishing List

The [**Polkadot-JS phishing list**](https://polkadot.js.org/phishing/) website is a community-driven

> curation of less-than-honest operators. The Polkadot-JS extension uses this list to warn a user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curation of malicious actors and operators. The Polkadot-JS extension uses this list to warn a user
```

about suspicious URLs and addresses that are part of the list, and automatically blocks the account
address.

## Polkadot-JS API

The [**Polkadot-JS API**](https://github.com/polkadot-js/api) is a JavaScript API allowing for

> programs to interface with the functionality of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
programs to interface with the functionalities of
```

> programs to interface with the functionality of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
programs to interface with the functionalities of
```
